fix(mempool): Move senders back from reactor to clist_mempool entries (#3131)
cometbft/cometbft: docs/references/architecture/adr-105-refactor-mempool-senders.md

transaction immediately, keeping the mempool and the list of senders better
synchoronized.

Update: We have decided to revert this change as it may cause in some cases that the transaction is
sent back to the sender. Storing the sender in the reactor after storing the transaction in `CList`

> introduces a small delay resulting in the transaction having no sender during a very small window of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
introduces a race condition resulting in the transaction having no sender during a very small window of
```
